.vim/bundle/vim-perl/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Reporting Issues

When submitting an issue relating to highlighting/folding, please attach the following:

  - A screenshot of the issue.
  - The file used in the screenshot.  If it's proprietary or too big, please try
    to reproduce the issue in a small sample file.
  - A link to your vimrc, if it exists.

These things make issues **much** easier to debug!

Also, remember that scripts under `contrib` or other third party plugins have the potential to
break your highlighting/folding; if you find an issue, please try it without any contrib scripts or
other plugins set up.

# Helping Out

If you would like to contribute to vim-perl, please be aware that we have a test suite which can
be run using the `prove` command.  We also have a regression test suite in the `build-corpus.pl`
and `verify-corpus.pl` scripts.  If you plan on making changes to vim-perl, please drop the sources
for `Moose`, `Data::Printer`, and `Regexp::Debugger` under a directory named `corpus` under the
Git root, and extract the archives.  Then run `build-corpus.pl`; this will take a few seconds.

After you've made your changes, run the test suite via `prove`, as well as the regression tests
via `verify-corpus.pl`.  The former tests a host of known situations for consistency, and the
latter simply verifies that vim-perl still highlights and folds code the way it did when you
ran `build-corpus.pl`.  Most fixes don't change highlighting, so `verify-corpus.pl` should print
nothing.  If it does, open the file(s) printed and make sure that their highlighting still makes
sense.

Commit message:

import vim-perl from github

.vim/bundle/vim-perl/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Reporting Issues

When submitting an issue relating to highlighting/folding, please attach the following:

  - A screenshot of the issue.
  - The file used in the screenshot.  If it's proprietary or too big, please try
    to reproduce the issue in a small sample file.
  - A link to your vimrc, if it exists.
  - The output of `vim --version`.

These things make issues **much** easier to debug!

**IMPORTANT**

Remember that scripts under `contrib` or other third party plugins have the potential to
break your highlighting/folding; if you find an issue, please try it without any contrib scripts or
other plugins set up.  This includes any `after/syntax/perl` scripts you have set up yourself, of course.
To make things easier on everyone, try to reproduce the issue with a minimal vim setup and an up-to-date
checkout of vim-perl.  Taking the time to help out with issues you have found makes things easier on all
of us, and that's the whole reason this is an open project. =)

Also, before you report something as a bug, please make sure you're using the latest version of
vim-perl from Git.  If you're using an older version, chances are that you're stumbling on a bug that
someone else has in the past.

If you have read and understand these guidelines, add the text "I have read the guidelines" in your issue
when you create it.

# Helping Out

If you would like to contribute to vim-perl, please be aware that we have a test suite which can
be run using the `prove` command.  After you've made your changes, run the test suite via `prove`.
The tests test a host of known situations for consistency, as well as verifies that vim-perl still
highlights and folds code the way it does with the latest code on GitHub.  Most fixes don't change highlighting,
so the regression test should pass.  If it fails, open the file(s) printed and make sure that their highlighting
still makes sense.  If it does, note that in your pull request and a maintainer will update the regression corpus
data when he/she merges it.
